Add compatibility changes for 7.0 (#3821)
ROCm-Developer-Tools/HIP: docs/hip-7-changes.rst

.. meta::
  :description: This chapter provides an introduction to the HIP API.
  :keywords: AMD, ROCm, HIP, CUDA, C++ language extensions

.. _compatibility-changes:

*******************************************************************************

> CUDA compatibility changes to HIP API

Reviewer: The tittle should be for HIP APIs, like "Backwards Incompatible Changes in HIP API"

Author: I used "7.0 changes to HIP API"

*******************************************************************************

> 

Reviewer: There should be a tittle added here "Behavior changes in HIP Runtime API", which will cover the following four sub-sections:
Update ``hipGetLastError``
Cooperative groups changes
Update ``hipPointerGetAttributes``
Update ``hipFree``

Author: Done

.. meta::

>   :description: This chapter provides an introduction to the HIP API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  :description: This topic discusses the changes introduced in HIP 7.0.
```

>   :keywords: AMD, ROCm, HIP, CUDA, C++ language extensions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  :keywords: AMD, ROCm, HIP, CUDA, C++ language extensions, HIP changes
```

.. _compatibility-changes:

*******************************************************************************

> 7.0 changes to HIP API

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
HIP API 7.0 changes
```

*******************************************************************************

> To improve code portability between AMD and NVIDIA GPU programming models specific changes were made to the HIP API in the 7.0 release to simplify cross-platform programming. These changes align HIP C++ even more closely with NVIDIA CUDA. These changes are incompatible with prior releases, and may require recompiling existing HIP applications for use in the 7.0 release, or editing and recompiling code in some cases. Best case, the change requires no modification of existing applications. These changes were made available in a preview release based on the 6.4.1 release, and as such hopefully you have had advanced notice and prepared for the following changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To improve code portability between AMD and NVIDIA GPU programming models specific changes were made to the HIP API in the 7.0 release to simplify cross-platform programming. These changes align HIP C++ even more closely with NVIDIA CUDA. These changes are incompatible with prior releases and might require recompiling existing HIP applications for use in the 7.0 release, or editing and recompiling code in some cases. In the best case, the change requires no modification of existing applications. These changes were made available in a preview release based on the 6.4.1 release, and as such, hopefully, you have had advanced notice and prepared for the following changes.
```

Behavior changes in HIP Runtime API
===================================

Update ``hipGetLastError``
--------------------------

> Before ROCm 7.0, :cpp:func:`hipGetLastError` was not fully compliant with CUDA's behavior. The purpose of this change is to get the error code returned by ``hipGetLastError`` to be the last actual error caught in the current thread during the application execution. Neither ``hipSuccess`` nor ``hipErrorNotReady`` is considered an error. Take the following code as an example:

Reviewer 2: Sentence starts with "Before ROCm 7.0"
Are we consistent? Seems the overview paragraph is talking about HIP 7.0. 
Perhaps this is confusing. Might need to review rest of the document.

.. code:: cpp

  1: hipError_t err = hipMalloc(...); // returns hipOutOfMemory
  2: err = hipSetDevice(0); // returns hipSuccess
  3: err = hipGetLastError();

The prior behavior was for ``hipGetLastError`` at line 3 to return ``hipSuccess`` from line 2. In the ROCm 7.0 release, the value of ``err`` at line 3 is ``hipOutOfMemory`` which is the error returned in Line 1, rather than simply the result returned in line 2. This matches CUDA behavior.

> You can still use the prior functionality by using the ``hipExtGetLastError`` function. Notice that the function starts with ``hipExt`` which denotes a function call that is unique to AMD. This function was introduced with ROCm 6.0 and is available today.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can still use the prior functionality by using the ``hipExtGetLastError`` function. Notice that the function begins with ``hipExt``, which denotes a function call that is unique to AMD. This function was introduced with ROCm 6.0.
```

Reviewer 2: It's not unique to AMD - it's unique to HIP? or ROCm. Please fix. 
Please review all instances of AMD from here on in.

Cooperative groups changes
--------------------------

> For :cpp:func:`hipLaunchCooperativeKernelMultiDevice` function, AMD added additional input parameter validation checks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For :cpp:func:`hipLaunchCooperativeKernelMultiDevice` function, HIP now includes additional input parameter validation checks.
```

Reviewer 2: Let's not talk about the company (AMD) adding or changing stuff. Indicate that a change has been made.

* If the input launch stream is a NULLPTR or it is ``hipStreamLegacy``, the function now returns ``hipErrorInvalidResourceHandle``.
* If the stream capturing is active, the function returns the error code ``hipErrorStreamCaptureUnsupported``.
* If the stream capture status is invalidated, the function returns the error ``hipErrorStreamCaptureInvalidated``.

The :cpp:func:`hipLaunchCooperativeKernel` function now checks the input stream handle. If it's invalid, the returned error is changed to ``hipErrorInvalidHandle`` from ``hipErrorContextIsDestroyed``.

Update ``hipPointerGetAttributes``
----------------------------------

> :cpp:func:`hipPointerGetAttributes` now matches the functionality of ``cudaPointerGetAttributes`` which changed with CUDA 11 and above. If a NULL host or attribute pointer is passed as input parameter, ``hipPointerGetAttributes`` now returns ``hipSuccess`` instead of the error code ``hipErrorInvalidValue``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:cpp:func:`hipPointerGetAttributes` now matches the functionality of ``cudaPointerGetAttributes``, which changed in CUDA 11. If a NULL host or attribute pointer is passed as input parameter, ``hipPointerGetAttributes`` now returns ``hipSuccess`` instead of the error code ``hipErrorInvalidValue``.
```

> Any application which is expecting the API to return an error instead of success could be impacted and a code change may need to handle the error properly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any application that expects the API to return an error instead of success might be impacted, and a code change might be necessary to handle the error properly.
```

Update ``hipFree``
------------------

> :cpp:func:`hipFree` previously had an implicit wait for synchronization purpose which is applicable for all memory allocations. This wait has been disabled in the HIP 7.0 runtime for allocations made with ``hipMallocAsync`` and ``hipMallocFromPoolAsync`` to match the behavior of CUDA API ``cudaFree``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:cpp:func:`hipFree` previously had an implicit wait for synchronization purposes, which is applicable for all memory allocations. This wait has been disabled in the HIP 7.0 runtime for allocations made with ``hipMallocAsync`` and ``hipMallocFromPoolAsync`` to match the behavior of CUDA API ``cudaFree``
```

HIP runtime compiler (hipRTC) changes
=====================================

Runtime compilation for HIP is available through the ``hipRTC`` library as described in :ref:`hip_runtime_compiler_how-to`. The library grew organically within the main HIP runtime code. However, segregation of the ``hipRTC`` code is now needed to ensure better compatibility and easier code portability.

Removal of ``hipRTC`` symbols from HIP Runtime Library
------------------------------------------------------

``hipRTC`` has been an independent library since ROCm 6.0 release, but the ``hipRTC`` symbols were still available in the HIP runtime library. Starting with ROCm 7.0, they are no longer included in the HIP runtime, and any application using ``hipRTC`` APIs should link explicitly with the ``hipRTC`` library.

> This change makes the usage of ``hipRTC`` library on Linux the same as on Windows and matches the behavior of CUDA ``nvRTC``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``hipRTC`` has been an independent library since ROCm 6.0, but the ``hipRTC`` symbols were still available in the HIP runtime library. As of ROCm 7.0, they're no longer included in the HIP runtime, and any application using ``hipRTC`` APIs should link explicitly with the ``hipRTC`` library.

This change makes the usage of ``hipRTC`` library on Linux the same as on Windows and matches the behavior of CUDA ``nvRTC``.
```

``hipRTC`` compilation
----------------------

The device code compilation via ``hipRTC`` now uses namespace ``__hip_internal``, instead of the standard headers ``std``, to avoid namespace collision. These changes are made in the HIP header files.

> No code change is required in any application, but rebuilding is necessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
No application code changes are required, but rebuilding is necessary.
```

Removal of datatypes from ``hipRTC``
------------------------------------

In ``hipRTC``, datatype definitions such as ``int64_t``, ``uint64_t``, ``int32_t``, and ``uint32_t``, etc. could result in conflicts in some applications, as they use their own definitions for these types. ``nvRTC`` doesn't define these datatypes either.

> These datatypes are removed and replaced by HIP internal datatypes prefixed with ``__hip``, for example, ``__hip_int64_t``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In ``hipRTC``, datatype definitions such as ``int64_t``, ``uint64_t``, ``int32_t``, and ``uint32_t``, and so on, could result in conflicts in some applications, as they use their own definitions for these types. ``nvRTC`` doesn't define these datatypes either.
These datatypes are removed and replaced by HIP internal datatypes prefixed with ``__hip``, for example, ``__hip_int64_t``.
```

Any application relying on HIP internal datatypes during ``hipRTC`` compilation can be impacted.

> These changes have no impact on any application if compiles fine using ``nvRTC``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any application relying on HIP internal datatypes during ``hipRTC`` compilation might be impacted.
These changes have no impact on any application if it compiles as expected using ``nvRTC``.
```

HIP header clean up
===================

HIP header files previously included unnecessary Standard Template Libraries (STL) headers.

> In ROCm 7.0 unnecessary STL headers are no longer included, and only required STL headers
> are included. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As of ROCm 7.0, unnecessary STL headers are no longer included, and only the required STL headers
are included. 
```

> Applications relying on HIP runtime header files may need to be updated to include STL header

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Applications relying on HIP runtime header files might need to be updated to include STL header
```

files that have been removed in 7.0.

API signature and struct changes
================================

API signature changes
---------------------

> Signatures are adjusted in some APIs to match corresponding CUDA APIs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Signatures in some APIs have been modified to match corresponding CUDA APIs.
```

The RTC method definition is changed in the following ``hipRTC`` APIs:

* :cpp:func:`hiprtcCreateProgram`
* :cpp:func:`hiprtcCompileProgram`

In these APIs, the input parameter type changes from ``const char**`` to ``const char* const*``.

In addition, the following APIs have signature changes:

* :cpp:func:`hipMemcpyHtoD`, the type of the second argument pointer changes from ``const void*`` to ``void*``.

> * :cpp:func:`hipCtxGetApiVersion` the type of second argument is changed from ``int*`` to ``unsigned int*``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :cpp:func:`hipCtxGetApiVersion`, the type of second argument is changed from ``int*`` to ``unsigned int*``.
```

Reviewer 2: Make this parallel to previous bullet

> These signature changes do not require code modifications but do require rebuilding the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These signature changes don't require code modifications but do require rebuilding the application.
```

Deprecated struct ``HIP_MEMSET_NODE_PARAMS`` 
--------------------------------------------

The deprecated structure ``HIP_MEMSET_NODE_PARAMS`` is removed.

> Developers can use the definition :cpp:struct:`hipMemsetParams` instead, as input parameter, while using these two APIs:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the definition :cpp:struct:`hipMemsetParams` instead, as an input parameter, while using these two APIs:
```

Reviewer 2: Look for "developers" and try to make more direct.

* :cpp:func:`hipDrvGraphAddMemsetNode`
* :cpp:func:`hipDrvGraphExecMemsetNodeSetParams`

``hipMemsetParams`` struct change
---------------------------------

The struct :cpp:struct:`hipMemsetParams` is updated to be compatible with CUDA.

> The change is from the old struct definition:

Reviewer 2: Not sure I understand this sentence.
The change is from?

Author: The old to the new...

.. code:: cpp

  typedef struct hipMemsetParams {
    void* dst;
    unsigned int elementSize;
    size_t height;
    size_t pitch;
    unsigned int value;
    size_t width;
  } hipMemsetParams;

To the new struct definition:

.. code:: cpp

  typedef struct hipMemsetParams {
    void* dst;
    size_t pitch;
    unsigned int value;
    unsigned int elementSize;
    size_t width;
    size_t height;
  } hipMemsetParams;

No code change is required in any application using this structure, but rebuilding is necessary.

HIP vector constructor change
-----------------------------

> Changes have been made to HIP vector constructors for ``hipComplex`` initialization to generate values in alignment with CUDA. The affected constructors are small vector types such as ``float2``, ``int4``, etc. If your code previously relied on a single value to initialize all components within a vector or complex type, you might need to update your code. Otherwise, rebuilding is the application is necessary but no code change is required in any application using these constructors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Changes have been made to HIP vector constructors for ``hipComplex`` initialization to generate values in alignment with CUDA. The affected constructors are small vector types such as ``float2``, ``int4``, and so on. If your code previously relied on a single value to initialize all components within a vector or complex type, you might need to update your code. Otherwise, rebuilding the application is necessary, but no code change is required in any application using these constructors.
```

Stream capture updates
======================

Restrict stream capture modes
-----------------------------

Stream capture mode has been restricted in HIP APIs through the addition of the macro ``CHECK_STREAM_CAPTURE_SUPPORTED``.

> In the HIP enumeration ``hipStreamCaptureMode``, three capture modes were previously supported: Global, ThreadLocal, and Relaxed. In the 7.0 release, when checking with the ``CHECK_STREAM_CAPTURE_SUPPORTED`` macro the only supported stream capture mode is ``hipStreamCaptureModeRelaxed``. The rest are not supported, and the macro will return ``hipErrorStreamCaptureUnsupported``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the HIP enumeration ``hipStreamCaptureMode``, three capture modes were previously supported: Global, ThreadLocal, and Relaxed. As of HIP 7.0, when checking with the ``CHECK_STREAM_CAPTURE_SUPPORTED`` macro the only supported stream capture mode is ``hipStreamCaptureModeRelaxed``. The rest are not supported, and the macro will return ``hipErrorStreamCaptureUnsupported``.
```

Reviewer 2: Perhaps those three should be in a bulleted list for better visibility

This change matches the behavior of CUDA. There is no impact on any application if stream capture works correctly on the CUDA platform. However, on the AMD platform the API will return ``hipErrorStreamCaptureUnsupported`` on unsupported stream capture modes.

This update involves the following APIs. They are allowed only in relaxed stream capture mode. Not all three capture modes.

* :cpp:func:`hipMallocManaged`
* :cpp:func:`hipMemAdvise`

Check stream capture mode
-------------------------

> The following APIs will check the stream capture mode and return error codes to match the behavior of CUDA. No impact if stream capture is working correctly on CUDA. Otherwise, the application would need to tweak the graph that is being captured.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following APIs will check the stream capture mode and return error codes to match the behavior of CUDA. No impact if stream capture is working correctly on CUDA. Otherwise, the application would need to adjust the graph being captured.
```

* :cpp:func:`hipLaunchCooperativeKernelMultiDevice` - Returns error code while stream capture status is active. The usage is restricted during stream capture.
* :cpp:func:`hipEventQuery` - Returns an error ``hipErrorStreamCaptureUnsupported`` in global capture mode.

> * :cpp:func:`hipStreamAddCallback` - The stream capture behavior is updated. The function checks if any of the blocking streams is capturing, if so, returns an error and invalidates all capturing streams. The usage of this API is restricted during stream capture to match CUDA.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :cpp:func:`hipStreamAddCallback` - The stream capture behavior is updated. The function now checks if any of the blocking streams are capturing. If so, it returns an error and invalidates all capturing streams. The usage of this API is restricted during stream capture to match CUDA.
```

Stream capture error return 
---------------------------

> During stream capture, the following HIP APIs should return specific error ``hipErrorStreamCaptureUnsupported`` on the AMD platform, but not always ``hipSuccess``, to match behavior with CUDA.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During stream capture, the following HIP APIs return the ``hipErrorStreamCaptureUnsupported`` error on the AMD platform, but not always ``hipSuccess``, to match behavior with CUDA.
```

Reviewer 2: Do we say "AMD platform" because it's related to hardware? If so, use hardware. 
Or is this referring to HIP or ROCm?

* :cpp:func:`hipDeviceSetMemPool`
* :cpp:func:`hipMemPoolCreate`
* :cpp:func:`hipMemPoolDestroy`
* :cpp:func:`hipDeviceSetSharedMemConfig`
* :cpp:func:`hipDeviceSetCacheConfig`

The usage of these APIs is restricted during stream capture. No impact if stream capture is working fine on CUDA.

Error code changes
==================

Returned error/value codes are updated in the following HIP APIs to match the corresponding
CUDA APIs. The APIs have been updated to return new or additional error codes. Most applications
just check if ``hipSuccess`` is returned and no change is needed. However, if an application
checks for a specific error code, the application code may need to be updated to match/handle

> the new error code accordingly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Error codes returned by the following HIP APIs are updated to match the corresponding CUDA APIs. The APIs have been updated to return new or additional error codes. Most applications check if ``hipSuccess`` is returned and no change is needed. However, if an application checks for a specific error code, the application code might need to be updated to match or handle the new error code accordingly.
```

> This update involves the following APIs:

Reviewer 2: since the paragraph above uses "following", remove this line.

> Module management related APIs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Module management-related APIs
```

------------------------------

Kernel launch APIs
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The following APIs have updated implementations:

* :cpp:func:`hipModuleLaunchKernel`
* :cpp:func:`hipExtModuleLaunchKernel`
* :cpp:func:`hipExtLaunchKernel`
* :cpp:func:`hipDrvLaunchKernelEx`
* :cpp:func:`hipLaunchKernel`
* :cpp:func:`hipLaunchKernelExC`

> More conditional checks are added in the API implementation, the return errors are added or changed in the following scenarios:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
More conditional checks are added in the API implementation, and the return errors are added or changed in the following scenarios:
```

* If the input stream handle is invalid, the returned error is changed to ``hipErrorContextIsDestroyed`` from ``hipErrorInvalidValue``.

> * Adds grid dimension check, if any of them is zero, any input global work size dimension is zero, returns ``hipErrorInvalidValue``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Adds a grid dimension check, if any of them is zero, any input global work size dimension is zero, returns ``hipErrorInvalidValue``.
```

Reviewer 2: what is "them"?

* Adds extra shared memory size check, if exceeds the size limit, returns ``hipErrorInvalidValue``.
* If the total number of threads per block exceeds the maximum work group limit during a kernel launch, the return value is changed to``hipErrorInvalidConfiguration`` from ``hipErrorInvalidValue``.

``hipModuleLaunchCooperativeKernel``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> More conditions are added in the API implementation of :cpp:func:`hipModuleLaunchCooperativeKernel`, the returned errors are added in the following scenarios:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Conditions are added to the API implementation of :cpp:func:`hipModuleLaunchCooperativeKernel`, and the returned errors are added in the following scenarios:
```

* If the input stream is invalid, returns ``hipErrorContextIsDestroyed``, instead of ``hipErrorInvalidValue``.
* If any grid dimension or block dimension is zero, returns ``hipErrorInvalidValue``.

> * If any grid dimension exceeds maximum dimension limit, or work group size exceeds the maximum size, returns ``hipErrorInvalidConfiguration`` , instead of ``hipErrorInvalidValue`` .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If any grid dimension exceeds the maximum dimension limit, or work group size exceeds the maximum size, returns ``hipErrorInvalidConfiguration`` , instead of ``hipErrorInvalidValue`` .
```

* If shared memory size in bytes exceeds the device local memory size per CU, returns ``hipErrorCooperativeLaunchTooLarge``.

``hipModuleLoad``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The API updates the negative return of :cpp:func:`hipModuleLoad`, in case the file name exists but the file size is 0, returns ``hipErrorInvalidImage`` instead of ``hipErrorInvalidValue``, to match the behavior with CUDA.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this should be two sentences. Hard to understand.

Texture management related APIs
-------------------------------

> The following APIs update the return codes to match the behavior with CUDA:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following APIs have updated return codes to match CUDA behavior:
```

> * :cpp:func:`hipTexObjectCreate`, supports zero width and height for 2D image. If either width or height are zero the function will not return ``false``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :cpp:func:`hipTexObjectCreate`, supports zero width and height for 2D image. If either the width or height is zero, the function will not return ``false``.
```

* :cpp:func:`hipBindTexture2D`, adds extra check, if pointer for texture reference or device is NULL, returns ``hipErrorNotFound``.
* :cpp:func:`hipBindTextureToArray`, if any NULL pointer is input for texture object, resource descriptor, or texture descriptor, returns error ``hipErrorInvalidChannelDescriptor``, instead of ``hipErrorInvalidValue``.
* :cpp:func:`hipGetTextureAlignmentOffset`, adds a return code ``hipErrorInvalidTexture`` when the texture reference pointer is NULL.

Cooperative group related APIs
-------------------------------

``hipLaunchCooperativeKernelMultiDevice``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> More validations are added in the API implementation of :cpp:func:`hipLaunchCooperativeKernelMultiDevice`, as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Validations are added to the API implementation of :cpp:func:`hipLaunchCooperativeKernelMultiDevice`, as follows:
```

* If input launch stream is NULLPTR or it is ``hipStreamLegacy``, returns ``hipErrorInvalidResourceHandle``.
* If the stream capturing is active, returns the error ``hipErrorStreamCaptureUnsupported``.
* If the stream capture status is invalidated, returns the error ``hipErrorStreamCaptureInvalidated``
* If the total number of threads per block exceeds the maximum work group limit during a kernel launch, the return value is changed to ``hipErrorInvalidConfiguration``  from ``hipErrorInvalidValue``.

``hipLaunchCooperativeKernel``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Additional validation are added to the API implementation of :cpp:func:`hipLaunchCooperativeKernel`, as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Validation are added to the API implementation of :cpp:func:`hipLaunchCooperativeKernel`, as follows:
```

* If the input stream handle is invalid, the returned error is changed to ``hipErrorInvalidHandle`` from ``hipErrorContextIsDestroyed``.
* If the total number of threads per block exceeds the maximum work group limit during a kernel launch, the return value is changed to ``hipErrorInvalidConfiguration`` from ``hipErrorInvalidValue`` .

Invalid stream input parameter handling matches CUDA
====================================================

> In order to match the CUDA runtime behavior more closely, HIP APIs with streams passed as input parameters no longer check the stream validity. Currently, the HIP runtime returns an error code ``hipErrorContextIsDestroyed`` if the stream is invalid. In CUDA version 12 and later, the equivalent behavior is to raise a segmentation fault. With HIP 7.0, the HIP runtime matches the CUDA by causing a segmentation fault. The list of APIs impacted by this change are as follows:

Reviewer 2: "Currently" is ambiguous. Perhaps "Before HIP 7.0"

> In order to match the CUDA runtime behavior more closely, HIP APIs with streams passed as input parameters no longer check the stream validity. Currently, the HIP runtime returns an error code ``hipErrorContextIsDestroyed`` if the stream is invalid. In CUDA version 12 and later, the equivalent behavior is to raise a segmentation fault. With HIP 7.0, the HIP runtime matches the CUDA by causing a segmentation fault. The list of APIs impacted by this change are as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to match the CUDA runtime behavior more closely, HIP APIs with streams passed as input parameters no longer check the stream validity. Currently, the HIP runtime returns an error code ``hipErrorContextIsDestroyed`` if the stream is invalid. In CUDA 12 and later, the equivalent behavior is to raise a segmentation fault. With HIP 7.0, the HIP runtime matches the CUDA by causing a segmentation fault. The list of APIs impacted by this change are as follows:
```

  * :cpp:func:`hipStreamBeginCaptureToGraph`
  * :cpp:func:`hipStreamBeginCapture`
  * :cpp:func:`hipStreamIsCapturing`
  * :cpp:func:`hipStreamGetCaptureInfo`
  * :cpp:func:`hipGraphInstantiateWithParams`

* Memory management related APIs

  * :cpp:func:`hipMemcpyPeerAsync`
  * :cpp:func:`hipMemcpy2DValidateParams`
  * :cpp:func:`hipMallocFromPoolAsync`
  * :cpp:func:`hipFreeAsync`
  * :cpp:func:`hipMallocAsync`
  * :cpp:func:`hipMemcpyAsync`
  * :cpp:func:`hipMemcpyToSymbolAsync`
  * :cpp:func:`hipStreamAttachMemAsync`
  * :cpp:func:`hipMemPrefetchAsync`
  * :cpp:func:`hipDrvMemcpy3D`
  * :cpp:func:`hipDrvMemcpy3DAsync`
  * :cpp:func:`hipDrvMemcpy2DUnaligned`
  * :cpp:func:`hipMemcpyParam2D`
  * :cpp:func:`hipMemcpyParam2DAsync`
  * :cpp:func:`hipMemcpy2DArrayToArray`
  * :cpp:func:`hipMemcpy2D`
  * :cpp:func:`hipMemcpy2DAsync`
  * :cpp:func:`hipDrvMemcpy2DUnaligned`
  * :cpp:func:`hipMemcpy3D`

* Event management related APIs

  * :cpp:func:`hipEventRecord`
  * :cpp:func:`hipEventRecordWithFlags`

Users porting CUDA code no longer needed to modify their error handling code. However,
users that have come to expect the current functionality where the runtime returns

> the error code ``hipErrorContextIsDestroyed`` will have to adjust.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Developers porting CUDA code no longer need to modify their error-handling code. However,
developers who have come to expect the current functionality, where the runtime returns
the error code ``hipErrorContextIsDestroyed`` will have to modify their code.
```

``warpSize`` Change
===================

> In order to match the CUDA specification, the ``warpSize`` variable is no longer ``constexpr``.
> In general, this should be a transparent change; however, if an application was using ``warpSize``
> as a compile-time constant, it will have to be updated to handle the new definition.
> For more information, see `warpSize <./how-to/hip_cpp_language_extensions.html#warpsize>`_
> in :doc:`./how-to/hip_cpp_language_extensions`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To match the CUDA specification, the ``warpSize`` variable is no longer ``constexpr``.
In general, this should be a transparent change. However, if an application was using ``warpSize``
as a compile-time constant, it will have to be updated to handle the new definition.
For more information, see `warpSize <./how-to/hip_cpp_language_extensions.html#warpsize>`_
in :doc:`./how-to/hip_cpp_language_extensions`.
```
